manny pacquiao's next fight is scheduled
for May seventh 2011 but look people is
his next fight really gonna be worth
watching Kevin Durant you're checking
out jr. score three so may 7th of next
year's Manny Pacquiao's next fight i saw
article online Bob Arum is flying to the
philippines and he's gonna put three
guys in front of Pacquiao and try to
figure out who they can put a fight
together with now let's go through these
three names Sugar Shane Mosley one on
well Marquez everybody's favorite piss
drinker and Andre Berto now let's look
at these three guys here Sugar Shane
Mosley his last two fights he could not
beat Mayweather the next fight he fought
Sergio Mora to a drawer this is somebody
that a few years ago he would absolutely
murdered more Juan Manuel Marquez this
guy is trying to win the rubber match we
all know they had that controversial
drawer paki I beat him the second time
this guy wants his second chance he just
beat up Katsidis in the last guy Andre
Berto the casual boxing fan may not know
who he is he may not be as big a draw
definitely isn't as a guy like Sugar
Shane or maybe even want mine well
Marquez but the guy just knocked out
Freddy Hernandez well I mean damn i
really don't see that fight happening
solo people everybody wants to see Manny
and Mayweather but that does not look
like it's gonna happen and I think I
said that correctly so everybody can
move on so while although I will watch
any manny pacquiao fight is this really
worth your money are you gonna put 60
dollars down to watch it regardless of
which other three it is so do you think
it's time for Manny Pacquiao to keep
moving this guy is powerful pound the
top one of the top boxers fighting
period there's nothing else for him to
prove do you care about any of these
three guys let me know what you think go
find me on Twitter go find me on
Facebook I am out I will watch but hey
he's gonna book they ass anyway peace